So now let's just make things a little bit interesting and try to make use of inquiries in named methods.
To do that I'm going to provide the names of each product as a list and I'm going to use that against
the category as an inquiry.
All right let's do that now.
So again I'm going to get a list of products and find by category and I'm going to say name in.
All right I'll just explain what this method is in a second so I'll get as the first argument here is
category so I'll say category and the second one is going to be name.
But here is the trick.
This way I can provide either a string of name or I can provide a list of objects so that I can actually
do an inquiry just like we have in sequel.
So to have new functionality like just the sequel I'm going to provide a list of strings these named
method and I'll say a list of string and category.
Sorry about that.
I'm going to say
name all right.
Let's make use of that too.
But before we move on to that let me just explain to Corey again.
We wanted to get a list of products in the slide and we're searching against the category and name but
in this case we want to find category as an end statement just like we have in sequel.
But for the name we want to do a sequel statement so that we can
provide a list of names and within that names the JP name that it can find and bring us the result of
product objects.
All right.
So let's make use of that method to to do that.
I'm again back in our application class and I'll say list of products and results products and I'll
say product repository and our method is find by category and name in
so our category was test for both objects but for the list of names we're going to do a little bit different
thing here.
We're going to provide the list of the names of our products as the parameter.
So to do that I'm going to create a list of names and I'd say I need a new array list and in that array
list I'm going to say first I need the name of the first product and that is the test product
Eurico and the second name is going to be another test product.
All right that's copy and paste that too.
Here we go and let's just provide the names list.
The Israelis too are named method.
Here we go.
To see the method in action.
Let's print out the result and to do that.
I'm again going to use a For Each loop for each product product and result products and I want to see
that the log printed out as the matching
matching results for and let me just provide the name of the method so that we can see the difference
here
I'll say product to string.
All right.
And let's just get rid of these two and comment out these lines so we can see again clearly what we've
done.
All right.
So I'm going to rerun our application
and it's starting up now.
As you can see here the query work and two of our products found in our repository in our database.
Isn't that beautiful.
You just provide the query with a natural language way and it finds everything you need.
I'd say we're a beautiful way to Qurei against the database any database that you need.
All right.
So to break this query let's just try to get rid of a name in our list and see what it looks like.
And I commented out the second name in our list which was the product to name and that was another tensor
product.
And I'm going to provide this list and I'll try to run our query like this.
And let's see the result.
I'm rerunning our application now
and it's booting up.
Here we go.
We just have a single matching result.
So it couldn't match the name with anything with these tester product.
But in the list we only had tests for product and that name was belonging to the product one.
To see it more clearly.
Let's add the third product
and
our current product is going to brand name as the tester product too.
So we can find it against the query that we just wrote.
So the remaining parts of this product is going to be a little bit different.
I'm just going to say description and for the category I'm going to say usual and for the type I'll
say it's going to be
specific
and for the price
I'm going to say it's going to be 10 or 19 still right now.
Clearly we were curing against the category and name so our category is set as usual.
So that let's just make it back to test so we can get this object to our query.
And as you can see the name is the same with the first product.
So if we persist this product into our repository we should be receiving this as a result.
So let's persist that to.
And to do that I'm going to go to repository and say the Prada tree.
All right.
So let's reroute our query and see what it looks like.
Again with this way without the third product we were just getting the result for the first product.
So in this case we should be receiving the first product and the third product.
All right.
So let's rerun our application and see what it looked like.
Our application is starting up again
and here we go.
We have too much results and the names are the same because we wanted to we wanted it to be so.
And as you can see type is general for the first one which was the first product and the second one
is specific and that was the Turke product.
So we could find the products that were interested in very easily and beautifully.
So now let's take a recap of what we've done to query our data in our repository in our repository.
We provide named methods against our JPA repository.
And with that repository we extend it product repository product repository is just an interface of
methods that we can either provide or not.
And it is marked as a repository so that Sprint can understand it's a repository and actually being
so for the name methods we said we wanted to return.
We want to get a specific type of objects as a result and we said we naturally try to query our data
query our properties in our database.
So for the first query we said we wanted to find by type and that type is going to be injected with
this property with the string property here and in our second query we said we wanted to get a list
of products as a result and we wanted to find by description and category and the way that this works
is it at as and queries just like we have in sequel.
And it says Select and description and category.
All right.
And the description is going to inject it with this and the category is going to be injected with the
stew.
And for the last one what we said is again we wanted a list of products and this time we wanted to find
by a specific category.
And this is our and statement and the other one was name and the name was going to be a list of objects.
This was an optional way of providing names in the other way you can just say a string of name because
it accepts a list of arguments or a single argument too.
All right as you've seen with these examples and named methods and the way that we query our database
in our code it's where we continue to work with spring data and JPA repositories because all you have
to do is define your interface against your object against your entity and work from there.
Just like these simple line of queries.
All right.
To see what it looks like updating your entity with JPA and repositories of shipping data.
I'll see you on the next video.